Prepare 0.2.0 release (#286)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: RELEASING.md

# Instruction For Creating New Starknet Forge Releases

> 1. Bump Starknet Forge versions in the top-level `Cargo.toml` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Bump Starknet Foundry version in the top-level `Cargo.toml` file
```

# Instruction For Creating New Starknet Forge Releases

1. Bump Starknet Forge versions in
    1. Top-level `Cargo.toml`
    2. `crates/forge/Cargo.toml`
    3. `crates/cast/Cargo.toml`

>     4. Any other applicable user-facing tools

Reviewer: I think it is not true with `version.workspace=true` anymore

> 2. Regenerate locks using `cargo generatae-lockfile`

Reviewer 2: typo

3. Merge introduced changes
4. Create a new tag in repository with format `vMAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`

> 5. Wait for release workflows to pass. A new draft release will be created on GitHub.

Reviewer 3: Will release workflows start automatically? And when?

Author: It triggers on new tag creation

6. Update the release contents using template below and publish it

> ## Release Template

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# <Version>
```

Author: I can change it, but version is a different input box on the release page, so it's not very useful anyways.
